By
Sophie, Max, an






BEWARE and WARNING!


This book is different from other books.


The mid-level at Spruce Street School worked in teams of
three and four to create these stories. Each team
imagined the theme of their story and crafted
the beginning together. But the different
middles and multiples endings are the
work of each individual team
member.


In this story YOU, and you alone will encounter dangers, 
choices, and peril, as that is part of the genre of Choose 
Your Own Adventure, otherwise known as CYOA!




You are a secret agent on your first mission, which is in a ghost town. You are trying to find the rest of your team who have mysteriously disappeared. You stumble into a house that, without you realizing, turns out to be a secret time portal. You end up going back to the time of the dinosaurs. Will you find your team alive and safe or get stepped on by a T. Rex? Good Luck!
________________


1
At first you were an ordinary, average 12-year-old kid. But one day it all changed when you secretly got excepted into a spy agency!        And here you are now, 15 years old, in a helicopter and about to be dropped off on your first mission, which happens to be in a ghost town. You are trying to find your team mates who mysteriously disappeared. You feel a small bang as the helicopter lands. You wave goodbye to the pilot, step out of the helicopter, and start walking around. You start to hear weird voices from a rundown shack. You better investigate your surroundings.






























                                                                                Turn to page 2.
2
You decide to investigate. You walk in and suddenly you hear wind blowing in your ears. All of a sudden you fall and land with a hard thud. You stand up, look down and see a bracelet. You figure it is a new spy gadget because it has a button on it. You decide to press it. A screen with important information pops up, so you start reading it. You find out that you traveled back in time and that you have to find the portal back before the next full moon, which happens to be in three days! 


Do you decide to take a nap? (You just travelled through time. You deserve a little rest.) Turn to page 3.
Do you climb a nearby tree to get a better look at the area? Turn to page 4.
Do you hike around? Turn to page 5.
3
You start yawning and put your head down. It turns out that you were so nervous, you did not sleep the night before, so you are exhausted.  Next thing you know, you are fast asleep. Five hours later, you finally wake up. It is midnight. You take out your flashlight from your tool belt and start looking in the darkness. The only light is from your flashlight. You see a cave. Do you go in the cave or look for the portal?






























If you choose to go into the cave, turn to page 6. 
If you try to find the portal,
turn to page 9.
4
You get an idea to climb a tree to get a better look of the area, so you grab onto a big oak tree and start to climb. Once you get to the top, you look around and see some smoke coming from a nearby area. You think it might be your team making food over a fire, so you start climbing down the tree. When you reach ground, you start running toward the smoke. When you reach the area with the smoke, you see non-other than your team. They give you a warm welcome and fill you in on everything that happened. Somehow you had traveled back to the time of the dinosaurs. Then you eat some dinner and go to bed in a tent your team lent you. The next day you wake up to a munching of leaves. You creep out to find your teammates sitting by a fire. Then you see a dinosaur. Your team mates tell you that the dinosaur is a plant eater and won’t harm humans. Then you offer to look for the portal. your team agrees and you leave your team at the fire. You start walking. You look around. All you see are trees. Then you see a bluish device in one of the trees. You start walking toward the tree and you start to climb. When you reach the top, you pick up the device and it disappears and in its place is a grappling hook. You decide to put it in your pocket. Then you think that you should show your team but you really want to keep looking for the portal. 
If you keep looking for the portal, turn to page 7.
If you want to show your team the hook, turn to page 10.
5
You decide to hike around. You go into the woods, and you see a velociraptor in front of you! Do you attack the velociraptor or run and hide? You choose.




































If you choose to attack the velociraptor, turn to page 8.
If you choose to run and hide, turn to page 11.
6
You go in the cave. You her a roar and take out your gun. You point it in the air, like a threat. The roar gets louder. You decide to get out of there. You find a safe place...or so you think. You can’t hear the roar anymore, and you were on the move for at least a few hours. You’re exhausted, so you set up camp for the night. The next two days, you look for the portal back to your own time. But no luck. On the third night, it is a full moon, which means, the portal closed...forever. You are stuck in the time of the dinosaurs.




















THE END












7
You decide to keep looking for the portal, so you start walking in a direction that seems to have once been a path. You start to smell smoke. You start running in the direction of the smoke. You reach a camp site where some food is cooking over a fire. Then you realize that these people could help you find a way home. You look over and see spear lying on the ground. You realize that these people may not be the best people to help you. 




























If you choose to trust the strangers, turn to page 16.
If you choose to turn back, turn to page 14.
8


You chose to attack the velociraptor. When you run towards the velociraptor, it strikes its claws at you. The claws strike your chest and punctures your lungs. You take your last breath.
THE END










































9


You decide to start looking for the portal. You hear a weird sound, “mmmm, crashhhhh,” in the bushes and see a strange button. You remember your teacher said to never push a button. But maybe you should.


































If you touch the button turn to page 12.
If you do not touch the button turn to page 13.
10
You decide to run back and show your team the hook. You start running back to your team. When you get there, your team tells you that the hook is a power up. Your team also tells you that they found the portal!! You and your team need to get to a lake because that’s where the portal is. Your friend hands you a map. Since you’re the leader, you have to lead your team to the portal. When you think about leading your team, you realize that you’re not ready to lead your team, but the team is depending on you. You could ask a fellow team member to do it instead. 






















If you choose to lead, turn to page 15.
If you choose to let someone else lead, turn to page 17.
11
You chose to run and hide. You hide behind a tree, and the tree starts shaking and it springs up. You think, “That’s odd.” You grab onto a branch. The tree starts jumping and springs you into the air. The tree starts to orbit around the Earth. Should you jump off in North America or maybe India is a better choice?
































If you choose to jump off in North America, turn to page 20.
If you choose to jump off in India, turn to page 21.
12


You press the button, even though you shouldn’t have. A glowing start and then the t-rex comes out of the bushes. You start running super-fast. When you stop, you look around and see the portal! You run in and land in Seattle.       
THE END








































13


“Run away,” says a voice, so you do. It starts telling you where to go. You see a light ahead and end up in the ghost town, which is where you are supposed to be! Congratulations!
THE END










































14
You think it’s best to turn back, so you start walking back the way you came. Suddenly, a big hole appears. It’s the portal!! You jump in the hole, and the next thing you know, your back in the house. You got back safely, but unfortunately, you left your team to die.
THE END






































                                                                                                


15
You push away the thought that you’re not ready to lead, and you start walking in the direction the map tells you. When you reach the lake, your friend tells you that the portal is under water, so you take a deep breath and jump in the water. You look around, and you see your team- mates swimming toward a big black hole. Suddenly, you see one of your teammates getting pushed away by strong current. 




























If you choose to try and help your teammate, turn to page 18.
If you choose to let your teammate perish and save yourself, turn to page 19.
16


You decide to trust the strangers. You slowly walk toward them, and one of them turns around and hits you on the head. You black out and close your eyes...for the last time.
THE END








































________________


                                                                        17
You decide to let someone else be the leader. Your friend is now the leader and leads you and the team to a lake. You jump in the water. Suddenly, a strong current push you away from the shore and your team. You don’t know how to swim. You look around and hold out your hands for someone to grab onto. You sink below the surface.
THE END








































18


You decide to forget your team mate. It doesn’t matter because all that matters is that you get back to your time. You greedily push your team away, and you swim into the portal, and you find yourself in a burial grave. 
THE END










































19


You start to swim. Luckily your teammate didn’t get too far. You grab onto your teammate and help them onto land. Suddenly, you hear loud stomping and a roar. You slowly turn around and see a huge dinosaur, a T-Rex. The last thing you see is the bottom of a big foot, coming down on top of you.  
THE END
________________


                                                                                                20
You chose to jump off of the tree in North America. When you land, you see a heard of T-Rex’s running towards you. You get eaten by the T-Rex.
THE END
________________


                                                                                                21
You chose to jump off in India. When you land in India, you see your crew! You walk towards your crew. They welcome you and tell you about a big tarp line and portal. You and your crew head into the portal and you fall back into the ghost town.
THE END