by
Alaya, Liam, and Miles
WARNING!


This book is different from other books. This story is a Choose Your Own Adventure, otherwise known as a CYOA. In this story, YOU,
and you alone, will encounter danger, choices, and peril
— or worse. The mid-level students at Spruce Street
School wrote the beginnings of these CYOAs
together. Then each team member wrote a
different path with their own ending.


This book is different from other books. In this story, you are an adventurer and a detective trying to find a hidden treasure deep inside the Pyramid of Mysteries. You know the treasure is extremely valuable. You could sell it for thousands, maybe even millions, of dollars. Good luck!
1
You have finally found the Pyramid of Mysteries. It stands in the middle of a hidden jungle, covered in vines and shadows. The story starts outside the pyramid’s doors, but the adventure starts when you see a sign that reads:


                        The treasure inside is old and rare.
                        You can go in, if you dare.
                        If you get stuck, then take a breath,
                        Or you could find yourself at the doors of death.


You are determined to get to the treasure and impress your friends. The big challenge is that there are lots of puzzles and traps, and you do not know where the treasure is hidden. You decide to go in, but you stop when you notice an open jar with a key inside. As soon as you touch the key, a deep horn blasts through the pyramid, shaking dust from the ceiling.


If you run, turn to page 5.


If you try to disable the alarm, turn to page 7.


If you wait it out to see if the alarm will stop, turn to page 9.
2
You try to finish off the mummy with one final “slash.” The mummy attempts to grasp the treasure, but you stop him.
A blinding flash of light bursts outward, and the huge metal doors open!
You run out of the pyramid with the sword in your hand, and you make it home safely.


THE END


3
You decide to take the bridge. The bridge makes lots of creaking noises, and you start to think it might be unstable, so you walk more carefully than before.
Just as you are about to reach the end, you see that the ropes holding the bridge up are about to fall off! And then the boards start breaking!
You rush and jump for the edge on the other side, but you are not fast enough.
You see the faint glow of the treasure one last time before you fall into the lava.




THE END
4
You pick the key up again.
Amazingly, the alarm does not go off!
You dramatically turn to the locked door. You know what you have to do.
You rush to the door and put the key in the lock.
Gasp!
It fits!
Inside, you see a jewel and take it. You thought the treasure would be bigger.
Then you see a box.
Without hesitation, you open the box.
Inside, you see the treasure.


THE END
5
You run, trying to escape, but you trip over a tripwire. Suddenly, the room erupts in flames! You glance behind you and notice a long, long hallway. You take one last look at the golden, shiny key and sprint down the hallway! You take a left and stop right in your tracks. There is a giant pool of water with deadly alligators swimming in it! You notice a brick in the wall that is a little looser than the others…you decide to pull at it, and a path over the water forms right before your eyes! The fire is spreading quickly, so you keep running. You take a right, and you cannot believe what you are seeing! You found the treasure! But the room seems too big to fit a single treasure chest! ”I have found it!” you announce. “I have finally found it!” You announce again, but even louder. You pick up the chest and grin. But as you turn to leave, the door slams shut behind you! “WHO GOES THERE!?!?” You grab a rusty sword from the chest. The voice is deep, almost GODLY. “Ugh! Pull yourself together, Rico!” Suddenly, your body freezes. You hold back a million cries for help because you know that nobody would hear you anyway. But then, an idea sparks up in your head! You grip your sword, pull back, and woosh! It whirls through the air as fast as a lightning bolt! The sword goes straight through the mummy’s heart, and the mummy falls to the floor with a thud. Suddenly, a blinding flash of light erupts outward! The mummy is gone! But there is no time for celebration. 
If you finish off the mummy, turn to page 2.
If you grab the treasure and run, turn to page 6.
6
You grab the treasure and run. You pass a sign, but you are too excited to notice it.
You do not think, and you slam into the metal door. A rush of pain floors you, and your body collapses onto the floor.
You realize that you will have to spend the rest of your days slowly rotting away inside the pyramid.
Then you hear faint echoes of the souls who attempted to conquer the pyramid before you, but died.
“You’ve gone too far this time. You won’t get away with this crime. This is your warning about the treasure. There’s no escape. You’ll be stuck here forever.”
Nobody hears from you again.


THE END
7
You try to rip out the alarm wire. It’s harder than you think, and it takes a long time, but eventually it stops. Soon, you find a hallway with lots of spider webs. It’s hard work clearing them, but soon, you find a rope and a bridge hanging over a giant pit of lava. What do you do?  






















If you take the bridge, 
turn to page 3.


If you take the rope, 
turn to page 8.


8
You chose to take the rope, even though you think it might be slippery. You swing over the lava with the rope and make it. You see a door, and you think you’re going to get there! But just as the thought enters your mind, the cracked, wobbly ground begins to crumble away and break apart. You are sent careening across the floor toward the edge! You see the pit of lava below you. It’s bubbling and sizzling with heat. You try to stop yourself from falling, but it’s too late. You fall backward into the lava.


THE END
9
You stay with the key. When the alarm sounds, you drop the key in fear. The second you let go of it, the alarm stops. Then you notice the key is back inside the jar, even though you were far away when you dropped it.  
“Interesting,” you think.
Wait… is that a locked door?
Yes! It is!
You are about to pick the key back up when you stop.
“If the key ended up back in the jar from so far away, then if I set off the alarm again, I might get exterminated,” you say out loud to yourself.




If you pick up the key and try to 
unlock the door, turn to page 4.


If you leave the key alone and look 
for another way out, turn to the next page.


10
You decided to look for another way out and leave. At least, you think so.
When you turn around to leave, the door is gone!
You look for the door, but you cannot find it anywhere. You search the walls, the floor, and even the ceiling. Nothing works.
You really, really do not want to pick the key back up, so you wait.
And wait.
And wait.
And wait.
And wait.
When you finally finish waiting, the door is still not there.
You give up.
Wait… is that, Abraham Lincoln?
No. You are so tired that you are hallucinating.
You wait forever.


THE END