*title Dimension Walker
*author Nia, River & Tor S.

In this story, you get a magical talking budgie and discover that your evil wizard parents are trying to explode the sun. Choose a portal, find the key, and save Manhattan before it is too late. Good luck!

*choice
  #I'm Ready.
    *goto page1

*label page1
You wake up. It is a sunny summer day in Manhattan. Everything is normal, except it is your birthday. Your wish finally comes true. After six months of asking, you finally get a budgie.
It’s a little golden budgie. It’s small with a dark blue belly and silvery eyes. It has a purple-blue tail and head feathers. Waves of green, blue, and purple ripple across him, and he has very iconic red feet. He looks so magical.
To your surprise, it can talk.
“I am Bob, the budgie,” he says.
“Wait, wait. Wait!” you say. “You can talk? So, you mean, I got a talking budgie?!”
“Yep, pretty much,” he says. “And wow! You have a pretty messy room,” he says.
“But anyway, according to my calculations, you have magical portal powers.”
“Wait, what? Why?” you ask.
“Simple,” the budgie replies. “Your parents are the two most powerful wizards ever. Oh, yeah. Also, they are evil.”
“Like Lex Luthor and the Joker?” you ask.
“No, no,” Bob the budgie replies. “Wait, who are they?”
You point to a cracked picture frame of you and two people you do not recognize.
“You are almost to find out, but we do not have much time. Your parents are about to explode the sun and make the earth freeze.”

*goto page2

*label page2
Suddenly, you are in a white void, all white everywhere, except for four brightly glowing portals: one blue, one green, and one silver. The blue one smells of spa salt, the green one smells of fruit, and the silver one smells of fresh air.
“All you have to do is choose a portal and find a key. The key will bring you straight to your parents’ dimension,” says Bob the budgie.

*choice
  #Go through the green portal.
    *goto page6
  #Go through the black-and-silver portal.
    *goto page8
  #Go through the blue portal.
    *goto page9

*label page3
You decide to eat the mango.
You hit your tooth on something hard. It’s the key!
You transport into your parents’ dimension.
“Um, who are you?” says your mom.
You’re petrified. Your parents!!!
Suddenly, you see a switch. It says, “EXPLODE THE SUN!!!”
You throw the “mango key” at the switch. It’s off!
Your parents yell, “NOOOOO!”
You transport back to Manhattan with a bright smile on your face...
You’re a hero!!

*finish

*label page4
“Here we gooooo,” says Bob.
You go so fast you almost fall off. Thankfully, you don’t.
Suddenly, you come to a halt.
“What’s happening?” you ask.
You peer over Bob’s head. Then you see them: two silver lions. They look like they’re made of clouds.
Bob swishes his tail at them, but they don’t back off.
“Let me handle this,” you say.
You stick out your hand to the lion on the left. He nuzzles it.
“Good boy,” you say.
He sticks out his tongue.
On it is the key!
You take the key and are immediately transported to your parents’ dimension.
You see a big red button with white lettering that says, EXPLODE THE SUN! You freeze. It’s your parents.
“Who are you?” your mom says.
“The destroyer of your evil plan,” you say back.
You throw the key. It hits the wall, then the ceiling, and lands on the defuse!
“Nooooo!” your parents yell.
You teleport back to Manhattan with a bright smile on your face.
No one knows it, but you just saved them all.

*image ../images/dimension_walker/image6.png center

*finish

*label page5
You chose to approach the octopus, and it begins to attack you, so you fight back.
You suddenly feel like you have a SCUBA suit on. Just as you think you have a SCUBA suit on, you jump into the water.
You fight and fight, and suddenly, as you slash at it, the five-legged octopus freezes, as if frozen in ice.
You stab it, and it disintegrates.
All that’s left is a golden sand dollar. You grab it, and it says, “DIS IS DA KEE.”
And on the back of the key, it says: MADE BY THE BEST FIVE-YEAR-OLD WRITER, A.K.A. THE FIVE-LEGGED OCTOPUS.
“Uh… Oookay,” you say.

*finish

*label page6
You decide to go through the green portal.
Suddenly, you fall into a fruit forest! You wander around. Your stomach is rumbling. You feel like you’re going to EXPLODE.
But little seed fireflies are leading you somewhere, and something is calling you, so you wander deeper into the fruit forest. It gets darker.
The trees are taller than skyscrapers, and huge apples hang over your head like streetlights. Your stomach growls like a big volcano, and a flock of tiny grape birds flies out of a bush.
Then you see two fruits sitting on a mossy rock: a pineapple and a mango. The mango seems to glow faintly, but the pineapple looks rounder than any pineapple you have ever seen.
Far away, you think you smell pizza or maybe a cheeseburger. You are so hungry that you have to choose what to do next.

*choice
  #Eat the mango.
    *goto page3
  #Eat the pineapple.
    *goto page7
  #Look for city food.
    *goto page11

*label page7
You decide to eat the pineapple.
It looks delicious and... rounder than usual. You take a bite anyway.
Suddenly, you hear, “BEEP... BEEP... BEEP.”
It’s a bomb.
You explode.
“BOOOOOMM!!!”

*finish

*label page8
You decide to go through the silver portal.
You realize you’re at a port. A flying port!
You see airships taking off and landing. You look over the edge. There’s nothing but clouds.
Wait!
You see a little bit of water. So, nothing but clouds and a little bit of water.
Suddenly, an Ewok-like dude bumps into you.
“Hey, watch it,” he says.
He walks off.
You think to yourself, “Well, that was a weird interaction.”
You look around. You see Bob.
But wait. He’s a dragon now!
“Hi,” says Bob.
“Hi,” you say back.
You’re a bit confused, but you shrug it off.
“So where can I find the key?” you ask.
“Ah, for that,” he replies, “you need to go up there.”
“Where?” you ask.
You look up at the clouds.
“You need to go to Turbo City. You can ride on me, or we can get you a ride on that airship.”

*choice
  #Ride on Bob.
    *goto page4
  #Take the airship.
    *goto page12

*label page9
You walk through the blue portal, and a column of light envelops you.
You hear the roaring of the wind, and as fast as it starts, it ends.
You are at a beach!!
It is like a normal beach, but instead of people, there are skeletons.
“Wait a second, is that a five-legged octopus?” you think to yourself.
You’re unsure what you should do. First of all, octopuses usually live in water. They can be out of the water for up to an hour. But this one is looking pretty bloody.
You’ve never seen a five-legged octopus, and this one is also injured. Everyone knows that an octopus has eight legs. Right?
You start to approach it to help, and it growls!
What is this thing? Does it want to attack you?
Maybe it’s just scared, and it won’t attack you.

*choice
  #Choose to approach the octopus.
    *goto page5
  #Choose to ignore it and lie down on the beach.
    *goto page10

*label page10
You decide to ignore it and lie down on the beach.
At first, nothing happens. The sand feels warm, and you try to relax like the five-legged octopus is not even there.
Then you hear a low growl.
The octopus starts crawling closer and closer. You try to stay calm, but then you realize ignoring it was a very bad idea. It is not just dangerous. It is also the key!
Before you can get up, the octopus attacks.
It grabs you with its five legs and scrapes you to the bone.

*image ../images/dimension_walker/image3.png center

*finish

*label page11
You decide to look for city food.
Suddenly, you see a pedestal with... a GOLDEN... FLUFFY... CHEESEBURGER!!!!!
You take a bite.
“HEY!”
You look behind you.
“I’m da king of da BLEPLES, and YOU took my cheeseburger, so pay!!”
He grabs you tight and throws you in a dungeon.

*image ../images/dimension_walker/image8.png center

*finish

*label page12
You take the airship.
You get bored, so you start knitting your super-stylish chicken hat.
You’re almost done when your needle pokes the side of the airship.
“Oh well,” you think. “It’s not like it can deflate in three seconds, right?”
Three seconds later, you’re plummeting into the ocean.
You feel cold. Very cold.
You see a shark.

*finish
