By
Evan, Jaxon, and L






BEWARE and WARNING!


This book is different from other books.


The mid-level at Spruce Street School worked in teams of
three and four to create these stories. Each team
imagined the theme of their story and crafted
the beginning together. But the different
middles and multiples endings are the
work of each individual team
member.


In this story YOU, and you alone will encounter dangers, 
choices, and peril, as that is part of the genre of Choose 
Your Own Adventure, otherwise known as CYOA!




You are a Padawan, learning the ways of the ancient Jedi. You are on the planet Coruscant. Coruscant, the home of the Jedi Order and their temple, is under attack by Martians and clones. You (Kaden) must get out of the temple and save all the Jedi you can. The Jedi count on you to save them. Good Luck!
________________


1
You have returned from a mission on the Forest Moon of Endor and now you are at the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. You go to the Jedi Council to tell them about your mission. Your master says, “We were just going to investigate Endor, then suddenly from the sky something sped towards us in the Ewok Village. When it hit the ground, big humanoids come out with spears. They started to burn and destroy the Ewok Village. We had to get the creatures into the pod.” The council member says, “Go to the archives”. “But...” “Just go,” You walk to the archives. At the archives you see halacrons for the past years. Suddenly, the wall breaks down and creatures with three legs and a dome shaped head and clones come into the archives! Should you warn the Head Master? Fight the clones? Hide in the archives, or run away? 




If you choose to warn the head master, turn to page 2. 
If you choose to fight the clones, turn to page 3. 
If you choose to go to the archives to hide, turn to page 4. If you choose to run for your life, turn to page 5.
2
You decide to tell the head master. When you are there, you see that it is too late to help so you run back to the archives. At the archives you see that the clones are gone. You research the things that you saw before. They look like a dome sitting on three legs. You research for hours, and finally you find what you think is its weakness. Should you fight the aliens or stay in the archives where it is safe. 




























To fight the aliens, turn to page 6.
To stay in the archives where it is safe turn to page 10.
3
You decide run in to battle and fight the aliens. You hold off the clones for two hours. Then you hear a laser and see red on the floor. It is your own blood. You feel sleepy, and close your eyes. For. One. Last. Time.




















THE END






















4
You decide to run to the archives. When you hear voices. You follow the voices and see three kids Bob, Joe, and James Jr. They tell you there is a Speeder that you can take but need help driving. You wonder about the other kids, and if they need help. You decide to take Bob, Joe, and James Jr. to the Speeder right now, or you decide find the other kids who need help in the temple.


























If you decide to go to the Speeder, turn to page 7.
If you decide to find the other kids, turn to page 8.


5
Quick, run! It is every man for himself! You and some other Jedi duck through the nine feet tall legs of the machines. You run through the corridor but clones block. the corridors leading to the exit. You can only go two places. One, you can go back to the archives, or, two, you can go to the council chamber.    


        




























If you choose to go back to the archives, turn to page 9.
If you choose to go to the council chambers, turn to page 11.
6
You decide to fight the aliens. You have heard that the creature’s eye is its weakness. When you draw your lightsaber to stab it in the eye, a long, thin red laser shoots your heart. You realize you have misread the book. You feel a little sleepy and close your eyes...for the last time.











THE END
        












7


You chose to take the Speeder. You slash a clone trooper in half as you dodge and deflect every single bullet from the clone troopers. You escape with Bob, Joe and James Jr. Now several years have passed, and you still have guild and depression over not being able to save all of the kids—Padawans. 



















The End


















8
You decided to look for all of the other children. You have successfully saved all of the children from the Jedi Temple. The band of children help you all escape into the Speeder. You and all the children were terrified. You land on a cargo ship going to a crate that will drop on the forest moon of Endor. It is now years later. You’ve been training the Padawans for years, ensuring the Jedi survival for the future.























The End












9


You try to go to the council chamber. You run there, but the machines are there too! One of the machines turns to you and points a strange apparatus at you! A blinding light comes out and everything goes black. What happened?          























The End
















10


You decide to stay in the archives where it is safe. 11 hours later, all the Martians are gone. It is safe now. Congratulations.
The End












































11


Get to the archives! It is your only hope! You expect to see the defense in pieces. But actually, the machines are the ones in pieces! The attack has been held off! Success!                           
The End